The thoughts and attitudes raise children's creativity.
10 years of Senshun
Old Uni and shopping like to paint like the children of Dota 2
842 None
In the walls of the children's room, there are painting graffiti on display from childhood.
Mom's theorem is a house with a special meaning and a separate stone
From time to time, the first of the forces,
It was stable.
Yes, the sample has a lot of energy
I 'm leaving a little harder . Since then I have no paper .
Can you draw while the next two raised thanks
It's going to be a lot quieter and calm.
Shop for more stories with pictures than words
The picture changes according to mood.
from
But the denial of Mitu's two little ears Where you wherever
And the customer is 556 4
outer Oh yes
Mom will not lead gatja the show now, he soon turned over all of Pixar
I start drawing turtles and so on.
Then there trees when applied to ditch a small tree in the water the trees ahniri
If this is the rest , why not imagine that century ?
If you think you are good like even brief life I could talk
There is
Bringing the national treasure back and forth The figure
Art activity is starting from the child's thinking is completed by the child's thoughts
My mom says it's French
U
open
U 222
woo
you are the own
The thing is that support is celebrating spring wedding disorder in Notre Dame Cathedral
Oh, you can easily press the liquid crystal display, or you can see it in the cathedral.
Just looking at what you think
Already it came in Prugio France yirang
I gave a lot of pictures to support
Mom's point is Mr.
It takes art lessons from incense rice to be important
Small way to support different I think because one section 80g go maetgil
That's why you can do art and fly.
What really makes my child a child and a picture really like this
So it's like I'm drawing a chart.
I think it was more satisfying.
But this is child sperm hanteneun it not just for themselves what and creativity
Artificially teacher gave me a lot of help from the side and get out any form
Because of that
I can do this with some ingenuity of myself
I have a lot of such environments. Come on.
The most important thing was not to paint the picture well .
Even if the child draws wrong with him, the moment the child draws
Enough kids
So I think that I'm talking to the air than to draw well
Uh bots themselves only children have a creative mind is drawn to see such a look
time
I have to paint the paintings in such a naturally artificial environment.
I found out.
I think that's a little bit of time
I think it took about a year.
Ah
It was not that make sense for kids dream is to complete the form it say
How to express your thoughts in my city
Suddenly the luck is an adult, and depending on whether you accept it,
And the history is different.
Accept it and find positive energy
Stimulate your imagination
It is how to read a children's graffiti art that the kingdom of France, oh sweet
Ah wae wae wae
qwe
Try it t 0 0 2 5 6